---
date: 2026-05-01
tags:
  - DC
---

### Notes
how to turn off chrome automatic update?

*** fix bug with expand all toggle when switching between trucks
1. pop-up on reordering toggle off (before saved changes) and switch the another truck.

Designer mode:
1. repository with only design
	1. folders with parameters, colors, sizing, effects, fonts
	2. folder with with ui components, single purpose web components
	3. complex components with set of ui pieces - macro component { micro cmp, micro cmp }
2. review environment
	1. quick reaching the micro/macro component view. user friendly navigation between ui components
	2. switch between themes (light/dark mode)
	3. switch between micro/macro components versions
3. sync with production repo
	1. documentation of requirements and variable, components description and argument the solution, best practice are used
	2. easy deploy to main repo feature
4. AI agent with skills to provide new design quick and correct
	1. considering existing general style base, approach, variables
	2. consider best practices and argument approaches and solution in documentation, suggestions what to improve.
### Task
[RT-935 Trip list atvaizdavimo update konsolėje](https://bcline.lightning.force.com/lightning/r/a0NSZ00000MyIAH2A3/view)
- Adding changes according to the chat with PM.
*stand-up meet*
[RT-808 ui update task comments, task list Finished](https://bcline.lightning.force.com/lightning/r/a0NSZ00000M8vCX2AZ/view)
- Fixing dev bugs. 
- Fixed dev bugs.
[RT-891 Galimybė rodyti tik vilkikų numerius truck liste, be jokių prierašų](https://bcline.lightning.force.com/lightning/r/a0NSZ00000MZNOT2A5/view)
- Removed word "compact" from settings item description. 
- Try to fix second row display logic when truck list items display settings container unchecked items to display. 
- Have an option to have set of width when to display second row, but it is not the best solution. 
- Try link display decision to info container width value. 